COMPETITIVE ANALYSIS
--------------------

There are many versions of Mario available for the public to play. They usually have the level schemes from Super Mario Bros. 2 with slightly differing sprites or level characteristics such as a favorite - cat mario. The mario games, or variants thereof have some features which are definitely good, and things that I probably will not be implementing due to personal preference or workability. 

THINGS TO UPDATE
----------------

Most if not all Mario Bros. games online or for the GameBoy COLOR only ever allowed you to play as Mario himself. Seeing I have access to a wide array of sprites I will opt to alter the game's story line a bit and make characters such as Toad, Luigi, and tentatively other characters playable. This might make for a somewhat awkward story but dependent on how quickly the actual game is created the story can be changed depending on who the player chooses. 

The game will also hopefully support multiple save profiles with player names etc. involved in the process in which the game will remember the players character choice and progress into the game. Shouldn't be too hard. 

Implementing a character screen would be the next logical thing to do. I will probably design a character choice screen similar to things seen in other Mario/ NINTENDO related games such as Mario Kart with a picture of the character (not animated) and their name below which will be highlighted in a different variant of a menu class which will need to be written. 

Previous implementations of Mario in this course have failed to get the boxes to work properly either to time restrictions or laziness. I will try to get the boxes to work which seems to be a problem as well as implement the moving of objects such as clouds, mushrooms etc. A huge issue I saw in a previous version was Mario not moving down the flagpole at the end of the game. This may be an issue I will have to deal with but we will see when we get there. 

THINGS TO KEEP
--------------

I will be keeping all game sprites, level textures, animations, sounds, mechanics etc. The game will essentially be the same however, the implementation will be different than the original as the story may change dependent on character (time allowing).

THE LEVELS WILL BE THE SAME, HOWEVER BECAUSE THIS IS MY GAME THEY WILL DEFINITELY NOT BE IN THE SAME ORDER, THERE MAY NOT BE ANY BOSSES IN THE GAME, AND THE SPRITES WILL DEFINITELY BE FROM A DIFFERENT MARIO GAME. 

The goal is to bring Super Mario Bros 2 back to life in python with updated graphics (kind of) with the same feel and sounds to it.



--placeholder--